feat: expose yaml and cli configuration to user test cases/suites (#32)
eclipse/kiso-testing: docs/advanced_features/access_config.rst

Access framework's configuration
--------------------------------

All parameters given at CLI and yaml level are available for each test cases/suites.
For a convenient usage, all configuration information are class based represented.

> This means each parameters is accessible like a "normal" instance attribute and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means each parameter is accessible like a "normal" instance attribute (dot-access) and
```

the attribute's name is simply the one given in the yaml or the CLI level.

> Each parameters store in GlobalConfig's yaml and CLI attributes are read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each parameter stored in GlobalConfig's yaml and CLI attributes is read-only.
```

.. warning:: assign a new value will automatically raise an AttributeError

> Let says, we have the following yaml configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's admit we have the following yaml configuration file:
```
